add docs for testing pull request changes (#49)
vmware-tanzu/build-tooling-for-integrations: docs/test-pull-request-changes.md

# Testing pull request changes

> This document provides some guidance to test pull request changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document provides guidance on testing pull request changes.
```

## Testing to be done when updating the files in templates directory

Whenever the files in the [templates](../templates) directory are updated, changes need to be validated before creating
the pull request. We can use one of the existing example projects in the [examples](../examples) directory to validate
the changes.

* When the Makefile is updated, make sure that the changes are validated by running the make targets in the example
project.
* When the Dockerfile is updated, go to the example project and run `make init` and copy the Dockerfile changes from
templates directory to the Dockerfile in the example project and run the make target `docker-all` to validate that you

> are able to build the example successfully.

Reviewer: There are a lot of `and`s in this sentence. I would recommend writing a list separated by commas, with one `and` before the last action to do. Or break up the sentence.

* Similarly, if you update the .golangci.yaml file, copy the changes to the .golangci.yaml file in the example project

> and validate the linter config changes.

Reviewer: How do you validate the linter config changes?

Author: expanded more to address the question

> ## Testing to be done when updating package tooling image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Testing to be done when updating package tooling images
```

Author: there is only one package tooling image

Whenever the files in [package-tooling-image](../package-tooling-image) directory are updated, we need to validate the
changes before creating the pull request. We can use the one of existing example projects in the [examples](../examples)

> directory to validate the changes.

Reviewer: I think `we` should be `you`. We (the build tooling devs) aren't doing the validation. Whoever is reading this file should be doing all this. Not sure who that is, but I'm sure they know.

* Build the package tooling image by running the `build-package-tooling` make target in the build tooling project root
directory and use that image in the Makefile of one of the example projects and validate that you are able to build

> and push the package and repo bundle in the example project. Easiest way to use and test the newly built package tooling

Reviewer: Again, this is a run-on sentence with too many `and`s.

> and push the package and repo bundle in the example project. Easiest way to use and test the newly built package tooling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and push the package and repo bundle in the example project. The easiest way to use and test the newly built package tooling
```
